For many years, I had no real desire to even pioneer.
Later, when I pioneered, I had no desire to go to Gilead.
I'm the kind of person who doesn't do things half-heartedly.
If I'm going to do it, I'll go all the way.
And so, once I was on that role,
missionary service was a goal that I had set before me
when I was about 17.
Really, missionary desires only came to my mind
and heart after I got to know Fiona.
Actually, the very first day we met was in a special group
doing business with Nessing.
And through the whole morning we worked together
and we talked about missionary work.
And that's what made me think.
I actually was single for a kingdom prior to that.
But the more I got to know Fiona, my thoughts changed.
We moved into the Chinese congregation in Brisbane, Australia.
And that helped us to then basically set a course of life
into motion that would lead eventually to missionary work.
We could see how we would adapt to pioneering
in a foreign language group, learning the language,
adapting to the culture.
It was a great indication whether we could really
do missionary work or not.
People may even look down on you thinking that you might be crazy.
You know, like, why would you want to go to another country
when you could have a quite comfortable life here
back at home and still serve Jehovah?
I saw Jehovah's hand in my life
and I find that the more you put yourself in his hand
and the more scared you are and the more insecure you are,
that's when you really see Jehovah help you.
So I really didn't feel I could qualify.
I didn't have the right qualifications spiritually
as well as you did myself when it comes to the fruits of the spirit.
I felt I was still a bit too stubborn, a bit too proud,
a bit too quick with my temper.
It's amazing how that when you make the goal in your mind
how Jehovah helps you to learn those things quite quickly
and he puts you through situations which can mold you
according to his desire so he can use you more fully in those areas.
I think my greatest challenge, especially now having started Gilead,
is going to be dealing with the fridge of the spirit.
You don't realize how many faults you have
and I think when we're going to be in such a close community
and living with others, your faults come out.
Definitely Gilead's call is truly a blessing from Jehovah
and we feel very privileged to be part of it
because it really teaches you to develop unbreakable faith
and trust in Jehovah as well as his organisation.
I wish everyone could have the education we're having here
and the education that we get on the Bible is just incredible.
If you can make the same choice now it might be hard
but put Jehovah to the test.
I recommend Gilead.
It's awesome.
Anything in Jehovah's service is only going to bring you enjoyment, happiness,
a sense of security inside despite living in a world that's full of insecurities.
I would never swap it for anything in the world.